in Argentine soccer today
so much prominence of the archer in some
social moment book in team the
goalkeeper
can be
delta is like the axis always of this
game system I feel comfortable
because I like it
out there sometimes risking a little bit
more or a little less I have defenders
that they also ask me to play
down
always try always
have I do not know how to have the ball take care of it
revoke it because we do not have
we have people up there who can stand
or that is
this in the position for that we would have
had I do not know maybe a player
big guy that holds the ball with the
same pattern because the people that the
bust and the tata wants me to play
I say it's difficult, yes, but I obey the
interest the technician this after
good people that is the framework that
there sometimes he gives
the importance to a party
adds or subtracts pressure against volvo and the
you felt yes
and after that by the error of
but the biggest mistake millions has
played to be penal that the replays
if I put you right to the arch because I had
three players of yours I said like that
better I'm wrong contains for
correct me it has not been easier for me
I would have stayed maybe faced hand to
hand and he collided with the defender gives a
step back and defining that is the other
choice
I think
obviously they are issues of deciding on
seconds but if maybe there
preferred that and then watching the
Repeat accompany me good out there
I think the play also took me to
that
just as I have to for that felt
after that play
in an uncomfortable situation that that
discomfort suffered the technician what
he said at a press conference martín
the whistles went out to bank you
whistles even more bothered me
previous outside it looks different me in
I have the possibility to download between
quotes if you want a way you
the ball comes again and he has to
keep playing or after that
I had to keep playing with the
feet that are cut out the center have the
feeling to say thank you thank you for
trust me call me is for
fulfill him
there are many technicians and young people and it is not
cute is a nice feeling sometimes my
old woman who is the one who most marks me
you realize and you realize in the
team that is playing and sometimes one
within all the move and this this
this does not take you sometimes I wish good
maybe you do not fall for what they are going with you
technicians with a career in the club
and in national teams
awesome you are surrounded by
international players first
quality and sometimes it makes me fall a bit
make the chip fall a little more
and sincerely the tata
I get the feeling and it seems to me because
we have had to share some one
talk of a guy to talk a little
beyond football is also
very clear in football concepts is
very clear when he talks when a talk
then out there it 's better to try
enter the group theme as it is
each one of the guys as how do I
go
it seems to me a kind of one of a quality
of person
10 points I did not have the possibility of
I do not know about sharing a barbecue and talking
other things but it shows it shows with
a
after your football career and
obviously make the click to be
sitting almost 34 years in the bank and a
moment for another to have the possibility of
play on a team like that there is a click and
obviously
I do not want to waste it then
We will do everything possible to bank the
moment to defend the one who gave me the
possibility and for
to meet the expectations of
some who are waiting for the best
for the club
we will be like this if you are going to enter the consell
parkour or has already been look at where you are going to
stay on top to hit him where he is